there's never been a better time to get
into the world of aerial photography the
blade 350 QX three
it's available in three versions the
ready to fly comes with your spectrum DX
for radio a GoPro compatible camera
mount and everything else you need to
fly if you already own a spectrum
transmitter you can also get this same
version in Biden fly if you're ready to
get the complete aerial photography
package make sure to check out the blade
350 QX three ap combo
the all-new c go to camera has been
fully redesigned to feature 1080p 60
frames per second video quality in full
HD along with the ability to shoot 16
megapixel stills it's all attached to a
three axis camera gimbal giving you the
utmost instability while flying your 350
QX another advanced feature is the
ability to control camera angle while in
flight using your spectrum radio you
have complete command over your c go to
camera using your mobile device with the
included app you can do things such as
stop and start record take photographs
and even live streams so you make sure
you never miss those epic shots
the 350 QX 3 comes with 4 flight modes
they are smart mode for the complete
beginner AP mode for getting those
smooth aerial video shots stability mode
for getting them more aggressive shots
that you want and a jelly moat for the
very advanced pilot all four modes can
be accessed with your stock radio so
that you as a pilot have more options
than you've ever had before
there's a new GPS antenna inside the
innovative foldable mast keeping the
system away from any electronic
interference this gives you the best gps
performance possible the new geofence
feature gives you the ability as a user
to set limits on how far away and how
high your model can fly using the pc
interface this gives you the confidence
to know that your model will never fly
outside of your line of sight an
inherent problem with most gps systems
is that they require a long time to lock
on the satellites our system remembers
its home position allowing it to lock on
the satellites more quickly getting you
in the air faster the 350 QX 3 is easier
to fly than ever we've even included a
throttle stick that's very intuitive
when you raise the throttle stick the
model will climb when you lower the
throttle stick the model will descend
and when you let go at any time it will
snap back to a nice level huh / one of
the most exciting new features is the pc
interface that's able to be used with
the entire 350 QX line simply connect
your multi rotor programming cable to
your pc and access features such as
checking sensors verifying GPS
performance performing calibrations set
geofencing parameters and even updating
firmware
you